#Looking glass release history

= Looking Glass 2.6.1 =
First version on google code. No significant code changes, just fixed some minor dataset issues

= Looking Glass 2.6 =
== Changes==
 * Added plot label options.
 * Fixed plot labels and plot curve generation in general is working much better.
 * Mission / dive selector is more intuitive.
 * Table view allows selection of columns.
 * Table view shows only selected data if something is selected. Filtered data otherwise.

= Looking Glass 2.5 =
== Changes ==
 * Added plot preference support
== Known Issues ==
 * The sonde-based bathymetry model is not being generated in this version.
 * Sonde drop picking is still acting weird on some drops (picking the wrong drop)
 * Plot legend and curve coloring is not working for some drops. Clicking two times on a drop appears to solve this issue sometmes


= Looking Glass 2.4 =
== Changes ==
 * Dataset supports a new additional Tag field (Tag3)
 * Added support multiple drop picking (ctrl-click)
 * Optimized initial data loading
 * Mission range tool now updates plots in real time
== Known Issues ==
 * DataField manager add field button is not working. Right now derived fields have to be added by hand in the application configuration file.
 * The sonde-based bathymetry model is not being generated in this version.       
 * Sonde drop picking is still acting weird on some drops (picking the wrong drop)
 * Plot legend and curve coloring is not working for some drops. Clicking two times on a drop appears to solve this issue sometmes